# Privacy Policy

## Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Rody Davis Productions discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Rody Davis Productions’s behalf or to provide services available at Rody Davis Productions’s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Rody Davis Productions’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Rody Davis Productions will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Rody Davis Productions discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Rody Davis Productions believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Rody Davis Productions, third parties or the public at large.

If you are a registered user of [https://hymnsforworship.app](https://hymnsforworship.app) and have supplied your email address, Rody Davis Productions may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Rody Davis Productions and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Rody Davis Productions takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

## Aggregated Statistics
Rody Davis Productions may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Rody Davis Productions may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Rody Davis Productions does not disclose your personally-identifying information.

## Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Rody Davis Productions uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer. A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Rody Davis Productions uses cookies to help Rody Davis Productions identify and track visitors, their usage of [https://hymnsforworship.app](https://hymnsforworship.app), and their website access preferences. Rody Davis Productions visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Rody Davis Productions’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Rody Davis Productions’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Rody Davis Productions’s use of cookies.

## Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Rody Davis Productions collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Rody Davis Productions’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Rody Davis Productions’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Rody Davis Productions may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. Rody Davis Productions also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on [https://hymnsforworship.app](https://hymnsforworship.app) blog posts. Rody Davis Productions only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.

## Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Rody Davis Productions’s websites choose to interact with Rody Davis Productions in ways that require Rody Davis Productions to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Rody Davis Productions gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at [https://hymnsforworship.app](https://hymnsforworship.app) to provide a username and email address.

## Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Rody Davis Productions and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

## Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
